I have analyzed the development of all the
skip c game and I have realized something
winner of the sk Craft 1 Spanish
winner of the squid game 2
American winner of the
squid games 3 Latin they could choose the
most manipulable tests to classify
those who were interested almost all the
games had factors that
randomly gave points or positions
to curiously
blessed teams no ticket no cha ticket Not
because if someone has chosen that we
lose it has been the
organization opening a ticket for those who
have killed us it will be absurd if it
was them ch fails many times
But look that hits the floor for my
mental health I have to times clich I'm
sorry eh I have to close it because
nothing happens to me every morning I have
information that the sensitivity of the
rope is touched on purpose I don't care
what you tell me that was because he didn't write down
the info on the phone no no it's that it's a
pain that they don't kick him out when he
cheated and they steal him in all his [ __ ] face
of course they would say car with the myopia he
has he won't even see it or anything